# CS350
1. Artemis Finanacial is a consulting firm that focuses on personalized financial plans for their clients. As they modernized their operations, we were asked to assist them in identifying security vulnerabilites in their RESTful web application.
2. I hope that one thing I did well was articulate the issues that I found presented in an easy to understand manner. Blending technical jargon and simple language for those that many not have a security background is an important part of communicating issues with a program. Programming securely is vital because it protects sensitive information that can damage brand reputation and it could also lead to loss of business. Secure practices make you are reliable firm to work with. While sometimes overlooked, software security is important for protecting customer information and also protecting priviledged information. Too when safe and secure practices are maintained, it allows businesses to focuse on their operation rather then spending time and resources recovering from things like a data breach.
3. A challenge for me was deciphering all the new information thrown through the vulnerability assessment. Discerning what information was relevant to the task at hand while also enriching oneself with new programs and possible security flaws requires balance.
4. In the mititagation plan, I encouraged require and frequent updates to all relevant programs. Staying on top of this reduces the risk of a discovered vulnerability being utilized to our disadvantage. Encouraging more input validation was another key push that would help prevent attackers from taking advantage or lackadaisical or negligent programming. In addition to having different sets of eyes do a physical inspection of code for possible vulnerabilites, utilizing dependency checks would be a primary way to get ahead of possible issues and assess vulnerabilities.
5. For this project, my role was highlighting vulnerabilites. In the future though, after running a dependency check and address issues, I would make an effort to repeatedly run these checks until either no vulnerabilities appear or those that still appear are not a threat to the code that we are using.
6. Using resouces like GitHub, StackOverflow, RedHat forums are useful for finding peers who have faced similar difficulties. A key place would be the NIST vulnerability database. That is an invaluable resource.
7.  For this project, I believe I would highlight the client needs portion of the document. I hope that I did a good job of communicating who the client was and what they needed from us. This bridge between the client and developers is very important when assembling a new project so that everyone is on the same page.
